Add role variable for cronjob frequency (#37)
cisagov/ansible-role-clamav: README.md

## Role Variables ##

| Variable | Description | Default | Required |
|----------|-------------|---------|----------|

> | clamav_cron_frequency | Set the cronjob frequency of clamscan. Must be one of : `hourly`,`daily`,`weekly` or `monthly` | `weelky` | No |
> 

Reviewer: Fix typo and tweak language:
```suggestion
| clamav_cron_frequency | The frequency of ClamAV scanning.  Must be one of: `hourly`,`daily`,`weekly`, or `monthly`. | `weekly` | No |
```

Reviewer: Line 23 above is an extraneous blank line, and I think that is what is making the linters fail.  Can you remove it as well?

Reviewer: Outdated.  See [here](https://github.com/cisagov/ansible-role-clamav/pull/37#pullrequestreview-861365215) instead.

## Role Variables ##

| Variable | Description | Default | Required |
|----------|-------------|---------|----------|

> | clamav_cron_frequency | Set the cronjob frequency of clamscan. Must be one of : `hourly`,`daily`,`weekly` or `monthly` | `weelky` | No |

Reviewer: Fix typo and tweak language:
```suggestion
| clamav_cron_frequency | The frequency of ClamAV scanning.  Must be one of: `hourly`, `daily`, `weekly`, or `monthly`. | `weekly` | No |
```

Reviewer 2: @jsf9k Would you tweak your suggestion to add spaces after the other commas in the list?

Reviewer: Thanks to @mcdonnnj and his eagle eyes!
